README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?font=Righteous&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&height=70&duration=4000&lines=Hi+There!+👋;+Myself+@Zain;" />
</h1>

<h3 align="center">A passionate Software Engineer from Islamabad, PK 🇵🇰 </h3>

<br/>

<div align="center">
 
 🌱 I’m currently working as a **Full Stack Developer** using React/Next JS and Django as backend support<br/>
 🔭 I’m currently learning **Docker, AWS, Blockchain, Web3 and few more stacks** <br/>
 📫 I'm always available for **open-source contributions** <br/>

💬 Ask me about **Next.js, React JS, Django,  PostgreSQL... or anything by raising issues[here](https://github.com/salesp07/salesp07/issues)** <br/>

⚡ I love exploring the universe of technology as it's a part of my journey.

 </div>
 
<div align="center"> 
  <a href="mailto:zainjatt.zj@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/zain-shahbaz-874712165/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://portfolio-git-main-zainshahbaz786.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white" target="_blank" /> <!-- sqlite, safari, google-chrome are other good icon options -->
  </a>
</div>

 <hr/>

Commit message:

Update README.md by adding Company detail

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com/?font=Righteous&size=35&center=true&vCenter=true&width=500&height=70&duration=4000&lines=Hi+There!+👋;+Myself+@Zain;" />
</h1>

<h3 align="center">A passionate Software Engineer from Islamabad, PK 🇵🇰 </h3>

<br/>

<div align="center">
 
 🌱 I’m currently working as a **Full Stack Developer** usign Django-React stack in **North American Based-MNC** company in 🇨🇦 <br/>
 🔭 I’m currently learning **Docker, AWS, Blockchain, Web3 and few more stacks** <br/>
 📫 I'm always available for **open-source contributions** <br/>

💬 Ask me about **Next.js, React JS, Django,  PostgreSQL... or anything by raising issues[here](https://github.com/salesp07/salesp07/issues)** <br/>

⚡ I love exploring the universe of technology as it's a part of my journey.

 </div>
 
<div align="center"> 
  <a href="mailto:zainjatt.zj@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/zain-shahbaz-874712165/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://portfolio-git-main-zainshahbaz786.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
     <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white" target="_blank" /> <!-- sqlite, safari, google-chrome are other good icon options -->
  </a>
</div>

 <hr/>
